All right. Welcome to CS547. I've just got
a few words of administrative stuff. The
official sign-in list is right here. It
should have everyone's name on it who was
here last time. Just give your signature
next to it, and that should be enough. If
you're not on the list, just put your name
at the end. And we've also had some
problems in the past with the list sort of
being stuck over here. So if you're
holding the list over here and it's not
going anywhere, make sure it gets over
there because that seems to be a perpetual
problem. And subbing for today is Karen
Butler, and she's going to give an
introduction. Yes, I'm substituting for
Professor Winograd today. and I just
wanted to briefly introduce our speaker
for today. Lucy Suchman was one of the
first to apply anthropology to the whole
area of human-computer interaction. She is
the author of Plans and Situated Actions,
which came out of her dissertation work.
and she has been working at Xerox PARC for
several years where she's head of the is
it product work practices area and where
she's really an expert in work patterns
and applying this whole area so she's
going to be speaking us to us today about
some of her work in this area thank you
OK.
Oh, it's the left-right problem, I see.
I have to reverse the little clip.
Okay, is that as it's supposed to be as
far as you can tell? Okay, my talk today
is, the title is Putting Working Document
Collections Online, and I'm going to use a
current project that I'm involved with as
a kind of illustration of the work that I
and my colleagues at Xerox PARC have been
doing, and this is very much a joint
project with my colleagues Jeanette
Blomberg, who's also an anthropologist,
Randy Trigg, who's a computer scientist,
and David Levy, who's a computer
scientist. So this is a thoroughly
collaborative effort that I'm presenting
to you today. And as you'll see, the title
is Putting Working Document Collections
Online. That's sort of the more general
project, and then the more specific
instance of it that I'm going to be
talking about is located in a particular
organization, namely our beloved State
Department of Transportation, Caltrans.
And you'll hear a lot more about that as I
go along. I wanted to start out by showing
you one model of the problem of current
design practice and how to address it. And
I'm showing you this because this is not
our model. And I'll let you digest it
here.
So this wonderful cartoon, which I like
very much, posits a particular view of
what the problem might be with existing
design practice and how it might be
corrected. And we're interested in viewing
both sides of this in a very different
way. You know, we see this not as a
behavioral problem of individual
designers, but as a very complex and
multifaceted problem that really includes
how design as a practice is currently
located within what I think are two self
-contained sort of insular environments
environments and sort of overly
professionalized world so that even
designers, practicing designers who would
really like to do things in a different
way find it quite difficult to do that.
And it shifts from being a kind of a
psychological problem to being a social
problem and one that implicates I think a
fairly broad range of forms of social
change if we really want want to address
it that have to do with how the working
relationships of technology production and
use are currently organized. I'm not going
to elaborate on that today, but that's
kind of a framing for how we're looking at
the question of design practice and
potential changes and improvements to it.
And let me give you, just to continue the
prelude here a little bit longer, another
kind of motivating view of our motivating
problem. Any of you who have heard me talk
before have probably seen this slide
because I'm very fond of it. I apologize
for any repetition. But it's an image
that's taken from an ad in a computing
magazine a few years back. and the
question that it asks is why do this at
the top you have the sort of proverbial
paper napkin on which brilliant ideas have
been scribbled over the course of a lunch
and so the question is why do this use a
paper napkin when you can do this and it's
a little hard to see but we've got these
two guys sitting at a very small table and
they have a laptop in between them and of
course it's not clear you know where they
would put their lunch or their napkins or
whatever but you know it's a little bit of
poetic or artistic license here. And the
project that we've taken on, I think of it
as taking this as a serious question. So
rather than treating it as a kind of
rhetorical question, as I think the
writers of this ad copy do, you know, the
answer to this question is self-evident,
we're saying, well, you know, what might
be the reasons that you would do this
given the opportunity to do that? And that
starts by taking existing artifacts
seriously. Paper napkins as, you know, for
us an extremely relevant artifact in so
far as, in this case, it's been turned
into a document. And that's what we're
interested in at Xerox. But so let's start
by seeing what are the media that people
are using at present. And what are the
particular resources that those media
provide? and have that as a background
that informs the answer to the question,
how is the introduction of new media, how
does the introduction of new media relate
to the use of existing media? So we want
to take it as a serious question. We also
want to, again, I think that this image
assumes that we're in a situation where
we're going from one medium to the next.
So it's going to be a wholesale
displacement transformation. this is the
paperless office sort of fantasy. And
instead, we're going to assume that we are
now and will continue to be living in a
world made up of multiple media. That for
a lot of both practical reasons, paper is
going to be staying around. It's just
tremendously, there's a very, very
extensive investment in paper media that
can't be transformed overnight. night and
also of course as people like my
colleagues Abby Sellin and Richard Harper
at the Cambridge lab of Xerox have pointed
out paper has certain affordances that are
that are quite powerful and effective so
for both practical reasons and because
paper is a useful medium we are going to
continue to live in a world that's made up
of multiple media and the sense I have is
that you know we might just be becoming
sophisticated enough technologically that
we can actually design for a world that
includes both paper and digital media and
that involves of course making it much
easier for people to move between those
media so that's the goal is supporting
multiple media and and relations between
them rather than you know transforming
ourselves from paper to digital. And then
finally the kind of reworking that we want
to do of this image is rather than taking
the artifacts, the technologies that we're
interested in as these objects floating in
white space as they are so nicely here, we
want to locate them in the environments
where they're actually going to be used.
And that means going out into work sites
and seeing how it is that people are
actually using the artifacts and the
technologies that we're interested in in
the course of their everyday activities.
Okay, so with that kind of background,
what I'm going to try to do in the time
that remains is first a little bit of an
introduction, again, to give you a sense
of a couple of general aspects of the
approach that we're taking. The first,
what we're calling case-based prototyping,
which I'll explain, and then this idea of
working document collections. And then
having sort of talked briefly about those
two general ideas, move into the specific
project that we're involved with at
Caltrans, and in particular our work with
their project files, and then the
prototype that we've developed to address
the problems that we've found. Okay, so
first of all case-based prototypes. This
is another kind of framing image for the
work that we're doing, which is focused on
this idea of the project of design being
artful integration. that increasingly
design is as much if not more about
embedding artifacts and technologies new
in new ways into existing environments as
it is about inventing things completely de
novo so and the things that we're trying
to integrate are both to integrate the
technology both with the activities that
people are engaged in with their work
practices and with the rest of their
technology environment. And a sort of
center for that for us is what we're
calling case-based prototypes. Case-based
because these are prototypes that actually
incorporate real work, some understanding
of real work practices and work materials
into them in contrast to some of the
demonstration prototypes that we have
around that take some kind of a generic
corpus of materials and try to show what
it would be like to work with the system.
And our experience is that when people are
assessing a prototype that actually has
their documents in it, their work
materials, they have a base for doing that
assessment that's much, much richer than
if they're looking at the Encyclopedia
Britannica or something that we all kind
of recognize but none of us is actively
engaged with. So it strengthens the
grounds on which people can assess the
prototype. And then the other piece of
integration that we're trying to do in our
prototypes is to bring together the work
that people are doing with both emerging
park technologies and existing Xerox
technologies. So we're trying to
configure, sort of craft together an
interesting relationship between those
things, and the prototype is the
manifestation, the demonstration of that.
And the particular focus for us has been
this relationship between paper and
digital media, both the kinds of
translations that we have to enable
between the two and also the kind of
cohabitations that we want them to be able
to do. What does it mean to live in a
world where some of your documents are on
paper, some are online, they're shifting
back and forth across that border? How do
you maintain the coherence across media in
that kind of situation? And then given the
general strategy of case-based
prototyping, the focus that we've taken
recently has been this idea of working
document collections. And here's a sort of
set of defining is probably too strong a
term, but characterizing criteria for
those. Basically, what we mean by working
collections are the documents that are in
between the documents that are on your
desk at any given moment. Although for
most of us, I think many of the documents
on our desk should be in our working
collection. But the idealized view is that
you have this sort of three-part division.
You've got your active documents on your
desk. You've got documents that are often
in archives somewhere, filed some distance
from your office. And then you've got your
working document collections, the
canonical form of this is your file
cabinets. And our premise is that many
organizations have a tremendous investment
in document collections that have this
character, and that there's a large
opportunity in finding ways to help people
partly migrate those collections online,
partly integrate those collections with
their with their online document
repositories the the documents that get
into this these collections are
selectively saved by people with the idea
that they're going to be useful either as
a reference or maybe actually to be reused
in some way in the future and and very
importantly you can it's very difficult to
predict what the value of any given
document is going to be in advance you
couldn't go through most most file
cabinets and definitely the collection
that I'm going to be talking about at
Caltrans and weight the documents
according to their value because the value
of the document is tied to its
availability at the moment when it's
needed. It becomes valuable in relation to
some ongoing activity. So it's this
contingent value that depends much more on
the accessibility of the document in
relation to the activity than on its
intrinsic characteristics. The The
documents in the collections that we're
looking at are very diverse, both in
quality, they include everything from
documents that have been faxed three times
and photocopied to very, very nice,
cleanly printed ASCII documents, and also
very variable in format, and I'll show you
more of that. The thing that interests us
about that is, again, a sense that when we
look at the document repositories that are
often used in research, they tend to be
rather homogeneous. So people who are
doing different aspects of document image
and document recognition and document
retrieval work are working with these sort
of standard corpora. And when we look at
these real world corpora, they have
different characteristics that pose some
interesting problems and challenges.
Document research, document search through
these collections relies very heavily on
their visual characteristics. I mean this
is just a simple observation that when you
go to your paper file cabinet, you get a
huge amount of information from being able
to scan the visual organization of the
folders, to open up a folder and scan
through the documents that are in there.
And so images, we have a very strong
emphasis as you'll see on preserving
document images. Shared access to the
collection is facilitated by its creator.
These are collections that generally, you
know, they're owned by somebody and that
person acts, to the extent that the
collections are shared, that person acts
effectively as a kind of librarian for the
collection. And there are really
interesting issues then if you're moving
those collections online, giving people
distributed access, what happens to the
role of the owner or the collector of the
corpus. And then finally, it's important
that you can get to these things easily,
because often these are documents that, as
I said, you need them in the midst of an
ongoing activity, and if you can't get a
hold of them, you're going to work around
it in some way. You're not going to send
off and wait a couple of days to get them
back. Yeah? Just for a point of
clarification, so if we're talking about a
facility design, during the actual design
process, the documents will be active,
whereas once the facility was complete and
it goes to management phase, it would be a
working collection? No, no. No, I mean,
I'm glad you asked that question because
it's very much not tied to across a
project. Documents move from active to
working status in a very dynamic way. I'm
thinking more of when a document is on
your desk and you're working with it, it's
active, and when you stick it in your
filing cabinet, it's in your working
collection. And in the case that we're
looking at, as you'll see, things are
coming in and out of the collection all
the time. So it's more dynamic than that.
Okay, alright so where are we? We're
actually spending most of our time in
Oakland at Caltrans District 4
headquarters, which is the district that's
responsible for the entire Bay area,
basically all the roads and the toll
bridges in the Bay area. And within the
District 4 headquarters, we're working
with a particular project team. And if
people are interested, I mean there are a
lot of practical things to be said about
how we got into Caltrans, how once we got
to Caltrans we sort of found our way to
this particular project. Having to do
with, again, the practicalities of sort of
crafting a manageable and relevant
project. But we are working with the team
of engineers who are involved in doing a
replacement bridge over the Carcuna
Straits, which are in the north part of
the San Francisco Bay. and these are, some
of you have probably driven across these
two bridges, they're a pair of old trestle
bridges. This one on your right was built
in 1927 and the other one was built in
1958. And what's happened is while there's
not any new bridge building going on in
the Bay Area, there are funds for seismic
retrofitting. And Caltrans has made the
argument that they're going to retrofit
the 58 bridge, but the 27 bridge is
sufficiently old and out of date that it
doesn't make sense to retrofit it. So they
have proposed replacement as a retrofit
strategy, which is a phrase I like very
much. And that means that they can take
funds that have been allocated for seismic
retrofitting and use them to build a new
bridge, which is what engineers most like
to do. So they are actually going to take
down the old 27 bridge and put up a new
one. And that's the project that we've
been following for the last couple of
years through, up until now it's largely
been what they call the design phase, the
environmental phase, where they're going
out and doing all of the environmental
impact assessments and basically getting
permission to go ahead with the project.
And they're just now moving into the
design phase. Now within, as fascinating
as the bridge is, and we've spent a lot of
time doing things like following them to
town meetings in Crockett where they have
talked to the local citizens about the
project. For us as anthropologists this is
an opportunity to do some very wonderful
ethnography of how a bridge gets built and
relations between engineers and citizens
and that sort of thing. But for us in our
capacity as park researchers doing a
prototyping project, the focus has been on
what are called the project files. And
project files are collections that are
maintained by every engineering team at
Caltrans. It's an obligatory collection
that you have to create that is basically
a cumulative collection of relevant
documents that are created and acquired
over the course of a project. And as you
can see they are currently kept on paper
in three ring binders. And I'll tell you
more about them but just to say that one
of the things that, you know, when we were
again sort of in terms of how a project
like ours gets designed, when we were
starting to talk with the project team
about what they were up to and how we
might do some interesting kind of
collaboration together, together, we
realized that the project files were
another instance of what we're calling
working document collection and that we
had worked with it with an interestingly
similar and different collection in our
previous project, which was in a law firm,
where we worked with a particular attorney
taking, again, a paper collection of his
documents and moving them online,
exploring what it would mean to move them
online. So it was for us a way of building
on our previous projects, of bringing
together the specifics of this particular
work site and its practices with a more
sort of cumulative general understanding
of how these kinds of collections work.
work. And the other thing that struck us
was, again, as in the law firm collection,
the tremendous heterogeneity of the
documents that are in the project files.
They include a lot of general business
documents, letters and memos and reports
and spreadsheets and tables and that sort
of thing. And then also things like
newspaper clippings. So they clip you
know, articles that come out about
Caltrans that are relevant to the project.
And then a lot of interesting more
engineering specific documents, maps, and
plans of various kinds, all ingeniously
folded to fit in an 8.5 by 11 inch binder.
So we've got documents of, you know, a lot
of different kinds of genre and format,
and a lot of different sizes and that sort
of thing. So the question is, you know,
how are you actually going to deal with
this when you're thinking of moving this
collection from one medium to another? The
other thing that fascinated us was that in
spite of the tremendous heterogeneity of
these documents, they were all to be filed
according to the Caltrans Uniform Filing
System, which as a piece of classification
is a really, really interesting artifact
in its own right. The Caltrans Uniform
Filing System is a basically
hierarchically nested set of categories
that are in principle to be used
throughout Caltrans. It's really
interesting when you start to look at the
Uniform Filing System how incredibly
dynamic it becomes. It changes both, it's
changed from the sort of central
headquarters and then it's changed, it's,
you know, with permission customized
locally. And so I'll talk more about that
when I tell you about the prototype, but
the uniform filing system turns out to be
in fact a constantly sort of shifting and
transformed set of categorization scheme.
Another interesting thing about it from
the point of view of classification is
that it's got all these different
interests in it. Partly it's organized by
the kind of phases of a project, so it's
orienting to producing a kind of archival
historical record at the end of the
project. It's also oriented to the types
of documents, so whether it's
correspondence or reports of various
kinds, it's oriented to topical issues.
and all of these different cross-cutting
interests are sort of homogenized and
flattened in in this apparently
straightforward hierarchical system but of
course when you actually go to file
documents you run into into that and I'll
show you more about that there are there
is a perceived problem around around
getting documents into the project files.
It is a perpetual trouble for people. For
all sorts of reasons, certainly in part, I
think part of the reason that we're all so
behind in our filing is that it's not a
straightforward task. For any given
document, there are so many possible ways
of filing it. And so it's a hard problem,
and as a consequence, things pile up. And
this is the two-file cardboard box sitting
on the desk of the senior engineer. So we
became interested in understanding more
about what actually is hard about filing
documents. Here's another activity which
is typically seen as a completely mindless
activity, but which somehow when any of us
actually goes to try to do it, opens out
into something more problematic and what's
going on there. So what we did was we
spent some time with the senior, The other
thing I should say is that at Caltrans, as
with many organizations, budgets have been
cut. There's very little administrative
support. The engineers themselves are
responsible for doing the filing of their
documents. So we spent some time with the
senior project engineer, sitting with him
while he worked on trying to file some of
these documents that were on his desk that
he wanted to get into the project files.
And this is my colleague Randy watching
sympathetically as Dave sort of talks his
way through some filing. And at this point
I want to show you a videotape if we're
queued up. I'm going to show you a few
little bits of recorded Dave filing. And
in the first one, let me just orient you a
little bit to what you're going to see.
Well, I'll show it to you and then just
point out what I think are some of the
interesting issues. And here's a
transcript in case you have any trouble
hearing. Can I show the overhead and the
tape at the same time or should we? I feel
I'm talking to some unknown assistant
here. Over there, right? I can't. Okay. So
we'll just look at the tape and then I'll
put the transcript up.
store these things you know like for
instance this one right here it's our
letter to the FHWA regarding consultation
for the Endangered Species Act so there's
a permit involved environmental is
involved the federal FHWA is involved
external agencies so there's all these
categories that can conceivably go under
and I have to pick one. Then I have to go
back and maybe search for because maybe I
wasn't thinking the same on the next time
when I'm looking back. So that's why it'd
be really cool if you know if you can
enter these things one like you had you
said you could you could have a date or a
title or Subject or keyword or whatever.
That's why I think it'd be really handy
because I'm sitting here and I'm going
well
Correspondence to federal agencies. Yeah,
that's the one I think it is But it could
easily be thrown underneath permit. And
certainly my assessment may be different
than the guy in the next aisle over. Not
when he's trying to fire a lady, when
they're trying to find him.
Okay, so. I don't see what I thought I was
looking. I'm going to show you one more.
Okay, so, you know, this is all really
familiar and mundane stuff. But, you know,
it's stuff that we all know, but we've
never figured out exactly what to do about
it. You know, we've got the problem.
you've got multiple alternative
categories, any one of which could make
sense depending on how you reason about
it. Then you've got the problem of how do
you align the way you're going to reason
about the document when you're filing it
and the way you're going to be reasoning
about it when you go to look for it. And
Dave's uneasy feeling that if he comes up
with one sort of logic right now for how
to file it, he's trying to anticipate when
he goes to look for this thing, how is he
likely to be thinking about it. And then
finally he worries at the end about the
obvious problem of whether the way he
thinks about it is going to be the same as
the way, you know, the guy or lady, as he
says in the next cubicle, overthinks about
it. So these are all, you know, familiar
kinds of problems around cataloging and
filing of documents. Let me show you one
more little clip now from the same session
with Dave.
I guess I would stick it under floodplain
evaluations.
Where was the other spot? Drainage is
usually done during the design phase, and
we're not there yet. So that's why I
always pick... This is 4D2, 5D2. But see,
231 is draft environmental document, which
is pretty vague. So I'll never find it. I
would probably be more inclined to stick
it under drainage even though that's not
where it belongs. I don't know what else.
That's what I'm going to do. I'm probably
not doing it right, but that's what I
would do. This is why your system would be
nice. So again, another sort of related
set of problems here. In the beginning
here, he's looking through the uniform
filing system itself. itself is like an
eight-page document. He's sitting there
searching through the uniform filing
system for the category that he's looking
for that he thinks he wants to assign this
document to. Again, he's worrying here
about this misalignment between the kind
of normative chronological order of the
classification scheme and the topical
content of the document that he's got,
which is about drainage, which has come up
in terms of an evaluation of a floodplain
in the environmental stage, but the
drainage category is farther down in the
design. So how does he adjudicate that?
And again, he's thinking here about how am
I going to file it such that when I go to
look for it, there's some hope that I'll
actually find it. Now let me show you a
couple of clips around search. The clip
I'm going to show you was a serendipitous
recording that we were actually up there
installing a board on Dave's PC that would
allow it to talk to our scanner as we were
putting together a prototype. And because
we're interested in all of the grungy
practical details around actually
implementing a prototype, we were
recording this, right? So we're there in
Dave's office and when the clip first
starts, you're going to see my colleague
Randy and one of their IS people under
Dave's desk messing with his PC. And so
we're there recording and Dave comes in
and he picks up the two file box off his
desk and sits down and starts going
through it. So I eventually pan back to
actually see what it is that he's up to.
And you're going to see three little
segments with breaks between them. In the
first, you'll hear a query from my
colleague, Jeanette, to Dave about what
he's searching for. And he explains that
he's looking for the documentation of an
agreement between a local agency and a
local city and Caltrans around an aspect
of their process. And then in the second,
you'll see him find a document and sort of
inspect it and decide, apparently, that
it's what he wants and set it aside. And
then in the final one, we have a little
exchange where he explains to us the
uncertainties about what he's been looking
for. And there's this whole search. I
mean, he went through, you'll see when he
finds the document, he's about two-thirds
of the way through the box. So the whole
thing probably went on for 15 minutes, I
would say. So here are these three little
clips.
Some old resolutions that East Virginia
Regional Park and the city passed in
support of our mitigation project. Yeah,
sure do. Exactly. Exactly.
I don't know if the oven exists.
Yeah, most of the time. I don't think I
actually got one of these things from the
city.
So, at the beginning, as I said, he
explains to us that he's looking for some
old resolutions, as he says, from the East
Bay Regional Parks and the City. So
potentially, at the beginning, he's
looking for two documents, one from each
of these agencies. And then when he talks
to us about what he found, he explains, he
says he's still going through, you saw him
in the middle clip sort of pull out one
document, set it to the side, and then
keep going. And then he announces happily
to us that he actually found something and
explains that now he's starting to wonder
whether there is actually ever was a
second document. So the question here is
what do you know ahead of time about what
you're looking for when you're doing this
kind of search? And here's a case where
Dave goes through the whole box on the
possibility that a document that may or
may not exist was put in there by one of
his colleagues. And that's the kind of
working with the material medium that's
involved in the sort of problematic state
of the project files at the moment. So
what we have been doing together with Dave
and the rest of the engineering team is an
exploration in what would it mean to put
their collection online. And the prototype
that we've built, we hear being used very
loosely to refer to my colleague Randy
Trigg, is called, it's built on top of a
platform called the integrator because the
idea of the integrator has been to try to
build a platform on which we can pull
together as much stuff as possible into a
useful configuration. We have our sort of
basic approach in putting this prototype
together is we want to require minimal
overhead for filing. You should be able to
get documents into this collection with as
little effort as possible. And you'll see
concretely what that means. And then we
want to provide, once you've gotten your
document in there, and particularly if
you've put your document in with very,
very minimal coding of any kind, we want
to give you multiple opportunities to add
more metadata to the document. So we want
you to be able to take a document that's
in the, when you come across a document
that's in the collection, be able to add
more metadata to it if you're inspired to
do that. And very importantly, as you'll
see, the collection of metadata that's
applicable has got to be modifiable.
You've got to be able to both go in and
change the coding of a particular document
and then work with the overall set of
metadata. data. And then when it goes to
look to come sign to look for documents we
want there to be multiple ways that you
can go about looking for them. Trying to
perpetuate some of the advantages of the
paper world where where you can use a
pretty wide repertoire of strategies for
looking. The basic scenario has been that
you know first of all you get your
document scanned into into a file and and
then into a repository. And then, of
course, the rationale is that once you've
got your documents online, you can do
things like do multiple categorization of
a given document. You don't have to worry
about resolving those problems that Dave
was struggling with. You can look at the
whole collection in different ways, which
is something impossible for them to do at
this point. So you can look at the whole
collection ordered by the document dates
or the topics. And I'll show you more
about that. you can still view and browse
over the page images. That's a place where
we want to preserve what you've got now
and maybe even enhance it in some ways.
Obviously now you can do a full text
search over the optically character
recognized text and we want you to be able
to do combined searches so you throw in
you know something that you know about a
property that might have been assigned to
this document with a text stream string
and also being able to search use the
images as a resource and then obviously
once you're online there's the possibility
of having distributed access to the
collection so to sit at your desk and and
over the world wide web actually look at
it and get a hold of things and then you
still have to be able to print your
documents that's essential you know the
idea there's simple idea we have is okay
once Once you got documents online, then
you could have access to the project files
from multiple locations, from multiple
locations both within Caltrans
headquarters and also now they've got
their field office set up out by the
bridge. So one of the things we're
interested in seeing is how do documents
travel across these sites. The way they
travel now primarily is that Dave gets a
phone call, he finds, he or somebody
somebody who works for him finds the
document, they stick it into a relevant
form of mail and it gets sent off or it
gets faxed. So this would obviously open
up some new possibilities there. And
distributed access would work both to give
multiple people access to the same
collection, which is the situation I was
just describing. And also a single person,
one of the managers that we've been
talking to, she has, I think, 100 projects
that she's in principle responsible for.
So she has an interest in being able to
get views onto multiple project files. And
there are really interesting, obviously,
protection and access issues that come up
there that I'll come back to. So what
we've done is we've set up, this is the
prototype. It's made up of plastic
hardware, software, and paper. So we
basically have a really, I will say,
really nice Xerox scanner. Nice because it
has a great document feeder that you can
throw in multiple documents at a time,
hooked up to a PC, and the PC is running a
piece of software called Pages, which
again is a really nice application for
supporting the work of scanning documents.
And so the documents are basically scanned
using the scanner in Pages onto the PC
that's sitting there. And then with a web
-based form, they're coded and then
they're uploaded onto the web. And at the
moment, they're actually uploaded onto the
web and sent to PARC, where we pull them
in across the PARC firewall and do various
kinds of processing over them, and then
put them back out, indexed, both the
documents and the metadata indexed outside
the firewall, so that people at Caltrans
with password protection can view the
documents. The thing that we're up to now
is trying to move the whole thing into
Caltrans running on their intranet. And
that involves a bit of substituting some
code that's been running at PARC with
commercially available, extended
commercially available software using
pages as the sort of basic platform for
it. They now have an intern who's
dedicated 25 hours a week to scanning and
maintaining the project files. We have at
last count about 1,250 documents in there,
which just to give you a sense, I mean if
you say documents, it turns out documents
average about five pages. That of course
doesn't mean it all. I mean they range
from lots of one pagers to long documents.
But it's about 1,250 roughly times five is
the number of actual pages that we have.
And for those of you who are interested in
it takes about a gigabyte of storage at
this point with another megabyte for the
metadata.
Okay, some things that we've learned about
scanning because along with the intern
that they've hired, we ourselves have done
an enormous amount of scanning and learned
a great deal from it. You know, again this
sort of goes back to what I was saying
about filing. There are all these things
that are almost too mundane to mention,
but when you're actually sitting there
scanning documents, they become quite
salient. Things like you have a stack and
it's not always completely clear what
should constitute a single document.
Should this thing be scanned as a single
document or as multiple documents? A
little bit of judgment has to be exercised
there. You know, you've got to give the
document a name to store it on the hard
drive on your PC. And so you've got to
sort of come up with something. And it
turns out that we display the names, and
so it's actually useful if they say a
little bit about the document. And then
you've got to deal with the kind of
heterogeneity that these documents have.
For example, there are a lot of documents
that have some pages, portrait, and some
landscape. And, you know, there are issues
there. You throw them all in the scanner.
one of the really nice things that Pages
does is you can view all of the thumbnails
of all the documents that you've scanned
and very easily rotate. So we go in and we
rotate the documents so that when the
thumbnails are displayed, everything will
be nicely oriented in the right way, which
is great for viewing the documents, but
then of course when you're going to go to
print them, you need to both reorient them
and rescale them again. So there are
translations between scanning and viewing
and printing around page orientation that
have become an issue. And there are
variously sized pages. Pages again
supports really nicely, you know, you do
the 8.5 by 11s and then you add the, you
do the others on the platen and you add
them. So a lot of this, and again, it's
essential to be able to easily go in and
rescan a document, replace a particular
page and also to see what you've done
after you scan them and to be able to go
in there and reorder pages reorient things
all of that actually pages does really
well which is why we're we're relying on
it to a great deal now of course you get
to the documents in the project files
through a home page and we have this
project files home page it may be a little
hard for you to read it so you know you
can select search the project files that
which takes you to the search interface
which I'll show you add a new document
takes you to the coding form that I'll
show you and then of their various ways in
which you can review the whole collection
by dates by the arranged according to the
uniform filing system and then various
kinds of administrative operations that it
turns out to be really useful to have like
a change log that shows what the status of
documents that have been scanned but not
yet indexed is and things like that. We
have a web-based form so that after you've
used Pages to scan your document, you go
in and you bring it up and then you can
code it in a variety of ways. The
interesting thing about this form is the
number of times it's changed since we've
been working with them. Once they really
got into using this form, they began to
see ways in which actually the initial
things which they said made sense. Like we
started out with a bunch of keywords,
which then got differentiated into things
like source and recipient, as we have
here. And the issue there is that it's
become clear to us how essential it is
that this kind of a form be tailorable and
modifiable. And that presents, we've
probably done a half a dozen iterations on
the design of this form in the last six
months to a year that we've been working
with them. This poses a real challenge for
us in attempting to move this thing into
their environment and extricate ourselves
because at the moment these changes are
done through very close collaboration
between the engineers and Randy where they
tell him the changes that they want and he
implements them. How do we deal with that?
That's obviously going to be essential.
Once you've coded your document, you go
down. This is the second page which
printed out doesn't fit onto a single
sheet. You go down to the bottom and you
say submit document and document info. And
then it goes through this, at the moment,
this sort of trip over to park and back
again. But eventually that will just
basically put it onto a web server in
their environment. Again, some
observations about coding documents, which
we've also done a lot of and talked to
them about a lot. It turns out that
there's a requirement for a lot of
flexibility around the question of who
codes documents and who scans them. And
one of the things that they wanted and
that we provided is a paper version of the
online coding form. Which means that
engineers who are sitting at their desks
with a pile of documents can just take
this paper form, code it, paper clip it to
the front of the document, put it in that
inbox, and then the intern can scan it.
The intern also does coding himself
online.
Engineers could do online coding from
their desks if they were into that. But
basically, it's the more alternatives
there are for how to do this, the better.
Again, a lot of flexibility in the amount
of coding. Either you can do very, very
minimal coding, basically give it a
uniform file system category, or you can
do increasingly elaborate, and you can do
that either at the time that you scan it
or later. So we've been trying to give
them a lot of different ways of organizing
the time and the place and how much or
little of this work gets done. And that
seems essential for making the thing
really, really useful, usable and useful.
Again, now that things, once things have
actually been entered into the online
repository, there are a whole lot of new
ways to be able to see the collection. You
can still look at all of the, look at the
collection according to the uniform filing
system, but now, oh sorry, I meant to put
this one up for you, but now of course you
have active links. So you can actually go
in and you can see how many documents
there are in a given category. You can
click on the link and you can see all of
those documents. So it's preserving the
old way of organizing the collection, but
with some new ways of being able to see it
and get at it. One thing that's turned out
to be really useful for them is that you
can organize, you can see the whole
collection ordered by dates from the most
recent documents. It turns out that in
thinking about a document when people,
when they're going to look for it, people
very often know, well you know this is a
letter that was sent to us back in March
of last year. So it's really helpful to be
able to go in and look at all the
documents from from March of last year.
You can actually view thumbnail images of
all of the document. One of the options is
to code documents by the type of document
they are. So is it a letter? Is it a
report? Is it a memo? And you can, again,
just see what you've got in the collection
in that way. In addition to various ways
of viewing it, obviously you can search.
And this is the kind of, it's a hybrid
search interface, as I said because it
allows you to combine you know a full text
search with properties plus getting back a
view of your hits as thumbnails which you
can then scan in something like the way
that you would scan a paper collection and
you can also display that the returns the
results of a search in different ways you
can display them as thumbnails you can
also display them in this kind of tabular
form if it's more helpful to see
everything that comes back by dates So
again, the point here is that there are
many different ways in which things can be
configured. And it turns out that how you
want it configured is very much tied to
what you know when you go to do the
search. Shapes how you want to actually
view the collection. Once you find a
document that you're looking for, you can
view it in multiple thumbnail sizes. So
here's a single document with all of its
pages laid out. You can see this issue of
portrait and landscape in a single
document. And then, of course, you can go
in and view any of the pages. And you can
see from this how important the images are
because a lot of the documents in this
collection, once you do OCR, you get back
practically nothing. And even the
documents that you get a lot back from OCR
have, in addition, various kinds of
marginalia annotations that that you lose
so we're very much believers in the idea
that you need both you need to preserve
images as well as providing people with
text search and then Randy has actually
created in an attempt to address this
problem of user modification of the of the
coding scheme Randy's actually provided a
an interface for them that allows them to
do the the relatively straightforward
things like take all the documents that
were called this and now call them that or
add this new category. The tricky part of
course that we're dealing with now is as
they do more elaborate reconfigurations of
their coding scheme that have
ramifications back through the already
coded documents, Randy has to write more
and more elaborate scripts that will go
back and recode the collection and the
really difficult question that we face is
when we leave how can we make sure that
this thing doesn't die in the next at the
next point where they decide they want to
to make a big change and aren't able to do
it that's and that's that brings us into
the whole question of what kind of
continuing organizational and and human
support there's going to be okay to
summarize the the two aspects aspects of
what this project has meant in terms of
designing. There's the project of
configuring a working prototype which
we've done by, you know, we got a first
approximation running in our lab, we moved
it over to their organization keeping some
of the processing work at park and now
we're trying to actually move the whole
thing onto their intranet. And then a lot
of what we've been doing has been
configuring a working practice in relation
to that prototype. Working out flexible
divisions of labor. As I said, this idea
of paper coding forms came out of that.
Being sure that you can review and
manipulate your page images. Scanning
really requires, you can't do it blind.
You want to see what you've done and you
want to be able to go in there and fix
things. And support for this kind of
iterative document coding. So you code a
document maybe a bit when you scan it and
then you add things or you change things
later on. Maybe even when you go to search
for it and you bring it up and you see how
it was coded and you say, oh, I don't
really like that. I want to revise it. And
then on a larger scale, support for this
kind of extensible and modifiable metadata
that seems so important. Some of the
issues for them, if this effort is
successful, is that if we were actually to
get to the point where this collection was
online and available in a distributed way,
the project team is no longer the
interface to the collection in the way
that they have been before, which has
afforded tremendous value in various ways.
These documents are in principle available
to anyone, but of course it's a big
difference if all of the requests go
through you, or if people in unknown
places are doing unknown things with the
collection. So access controls that now
are largely taken care of through the
practicalities of the medium, because
these things exist in one place, nobody
else knows how to find anything in them,
now have to be addressed much more
explicitly. And very important and very
salient for us at the moment is where, of
course, at this point we're keeping all of
these documents on paper in the old way.
Eventually, I would imagine, there would
be some mix. A lot of them would no longer
be kept in the binders once they were
online. Others of them would be kept in
the binders because you'd want the
original for various reasons. And so there
are very complicated questions about how
you're going to maintain the coherence of
the media, of the paper and the digital
renderings of the documents. And then
finally, this larger question of
maintaining the coherence of your coding
categories, both with respect to the paper
and the digital documents, and how you do
that both over time. we've already seen,
as I said, tremendously dynamic changes
there within the project team that we're
working with over the year or so that
we've had the prototype running. And then
once you have multiple project teams
working with a collection, it becomes an
even more challenging kind of coordination
problem. I'll end with a slogan. slogan,
which is really a slogan that refers to
this whole approach to doing this kind of
work oriented design approach. I was often
asked, well the impression I got from many
of my colleagues at PARC in the early days
when I was arguing for this kind of work
was, if we go out and look at the way
people are currently working, it will have
this deeply conservative effect on us.
will end up just replicating what they're
doing now. And it's better if we just sort
of freely imagine the possibilities. And
my response to that is, well, if you in a
very sort of flat-footed way went about
trying to replicate exactly, well, first
of all, I think the premise that there is,
that until we as designers come along, the
world is a stagnant place. That people are
basically sitting there doing the same
thing over and over again and it's only
when brilliant and innovative designers
come on the scene that they say, oh, you
know, we could be doing it differently.
That's not my experience. Every workplace
I've ever been in, there are people in the
workplace who, not everyone, but there are
always people who are pretty continually
sort of reflecting in, you know, greater
and lesser ways about what they're doing
and trying to figure out how to do it
differently. and our experience is that
it's much more that it's hard to keep up
with the dynamism of the organization of
work practices than it is to get people to
make any kinds of changes in what they're
doing. So first of all, things aren't
stagnant until we come along. And
secondly, if we did come along and try to
take an analysis of people's working
practices as the basis for design, in the
absence of any sort of imaginative
activity, we might have a problem. We need
to also engage in thinking about how
things could be different. But the idea
here is that, I mean, the crude way of
putting this is it's better to design from
knowledge than from ignorance, right? But
I think that the goal that we're after is
to try to get enough of a mutual
understanding, and this comes very much
out of the tradition of Scandinavian
systems design that we've been deeply
influenced by, the idea that people doing
a particular kind of work using relevant
technologies need to have enough of an
understanding of what the technological
possibilities are that they can engage in
thinking intelligently about what the
possibilities could be. And that's what
our running prototype in this worksite is
doing. It's giving people in the worksite
the ability to imagine what the
technology, to have enough of an
understanding of what the technology does
to be able to imagine what it could do.
And similarly for us, we need not to
become civil engineers. That would require
many lifetimes to do that in all of the
sites where we might want to design. But
we need to develop enough of an
appreciation for what their issues are
that we, in turn, can think intelligently
about their work. And doing the kind of
projects that we're doing on site in the
way that we're doing them enables that
sort of collaboration so that you get what
I think is a very powerful combination of
grounded understanding of existing
practice plus imagination of how things
might be different. So I'll stop there and
take questions. Yeah. What are your
thoughts at the moment on purging and on
archiving machine-readable forms?
Well, if we get to stay around long enough
we'll see because in terms of archiving
it's a very explicit part of this project
files process that a subset of the
documents in the project files go into a
history file. In paper. Now at the moment
everything is in paper. So, but that means
that if we have an online collection,
eventually a subset of that online
collection will need to be archived. And
another, presumably some other documents
that are useful in the course of the
project will no longer be needed. I read
an article in the New York News very
recently about the fact that even DVDs are
now known to deteriorate much more rapidly
than anyone expected they would. Much
faster than film, for example. And now
this is a more general question to someone
from PARC. What are you going to use to
archive records? Yeah, I am not an
archivist, but I think that, I know that's
a really serious and pressing question
because archivists know a lot about paper
as a medium. And there's been a huge
amount of work done to develop kinds of
paper that are extremely durable, much
more than we know or have done in relation
to digital media. So I don't have the
answer, but I think it's a very important
question. Yeah? Have you looked at the
change in practice after introduction of
your prototype? You have a fascinating
natural experiment. Any result from it?
Oh, yeah. I mean, well, let's see.
Obviously, before we were there, the
practice was to take these documents and
put them into the binders. and we've
interjected an entire new sort of piece of
work that we hope is going to be valuable
enough that it's worth doing. At the
moment, of course, they're doing both
things so that after things are put into
the online collection, they get put into
the binders. I think it's...
We've actually wondered what would be
happening if we weren't there because the
state of the documents that needed to go
into the project files was reaching kind
of a crisis point at the time when we
actually got our prototype up and running.
I mean there were just stacks of documents
everywhere. It was out of control in part
because the whole project is on an
accelerated time frame and there's nobody
to do that work. And so partly I think our
being there, this this is a bit of a
Hawthorne effect, but it's had now, I
think, some really enduring consequences,
was to raise the project files, both to
raise their visibility within the team,
and also we obviously put a lot of labor
into getting the online collection
together. I think what usually happens
around the project files is that they're
managed on an as-needed basis. So for a
large part of the project people go along
doing sort of crisis document search. They
need to find something, they spend huge
amounts of time searching through piles of
documents. And then at the point where
they're actually responsible for turning
the collection over to someone else, they
do a huge amount of work to pull the
collection together. So the collection
becomes more like a record than a useful
resource in the actual work as it's going
on. So I'm hoping that one of the effects
of our intervention is to make the project
files into much more of a sort of active
resource and obviously cut down a great
deal on the amount of time they spend
searching through cardboard boxes and all
the other stats that are around. Two
questions. A lot of times people take old
documents and modify them, either clipping
notes to them or making changes to them.
How do you handle that in the system? Are
there multiple copies of the document,
links or what? There are multiple copies,
multiple versions of documents, and in a
way that's fine. You know, we're one of,
we don't worry, we've tried to keep an eye
out for exact duplicates and not put exact
duplicates in. But we've got many
variations on documents with different
annotations and I think one of the
benefits of this kind of a system is that
you can do that, you know, at a relatively
low cost. And then when you do your
search, you're going to get back all of
the different versions and you can look
for the one that you want. It's really up
to them to decide which documents go into
the collection. So I would say, you know,
if something gets pulled out and modified,
it's going to be their call whether it
should then be rescanned in a new version.
But we want to make the scanning easy
enough that if you wanted to do that, it
wouldn't be a big deal. The second
question is, with the changing of the
classification, How much of that is them
learning the system and thinking about it
for the first time versus they're moving
on to different phases of the work? I
think partly it's their thinking more
about it. Partly their orientation to the
classification scheme is tied to the
particular thing that they're working on
at the moment. For example, we just had a
major revision to the filing system by one
of the engineers who was given
responsibility for doing some work around
all of the task orders to consultants. So
he was focused on the task orders to
consultants. He looked at the previous
classification scheme, and he didn't like
the ways in which, you know, he was
actually going to look for those things,
and they were interspersed in ways that he
didn't like, and he wanted to create a new
category for them. So it's very much
occasioned by you turn to do a particular
task and you then find things that matter
to you. And I think that kind of
interweaving of the design of the
classification scheme and the ongoing work
is critical. You've got to be able to sort
of work back and forth between the two. It
doesn't happen all at once at the
beginning. And it doesn't even happen at
sort of predictable times. It happens as
the spirit moves you and you actually
care, then you focus on it. Yeah? I
noticed in my experience, if I have some
kind of archives, I put them on my desk so
that I can remember that I need to look at
these things. I'm wondering if you guys
have thought about that in terms of those
documents are actually a trigger to
remember things. If they're in some kind
of electronic form, it may not be as good
of a trigger. Right, absolutely. I think
the difference between having things sort
of enclosed in a workstation and spread
around is very important. In a way, that's
about how things move between this sort of
active and working status. But I think
there are interesting possibilities,
again, for new kinds of integration there.
I mean one of the things that people at
PARCC have been working on for a long time
are these glyphs, basically barcode type
images that you could put onto documents
that are instructions for a machine
readable. So one of the ideas is that you
could have, it's been called document
tokens, or let's say you have, I mean I've
always thought it would be nice to have
paper file cabinets, minutes, but instead
of the whole papers I'd have first pages.
And then you could take out that page and
stick it into a scanner and get the whole
document back out again. So variations on
how we could both have those sort of
mnemonic cues, but maybe not have in every
case the whole document sitting around,
for example. But that kind of playing with
the relationship between the paper and the
digital I think is really interesting,
much more interesting direction than
thinking about the paperless office. I
think it would be interesting to see that
people, a lot of people have personal post
-it notes where although the documents are
shared between everyone, there's some kind
of system locally on their computer where
they can add post-it notes to the files
that represent their own files. Right.
Well, if we're imagining this as a web
-based thing, people should be able to
create their own sub-collections.
collections, people should be able to have
their own sets of bookmarks obviously and
do sort of personalized subsets of the
project files. We've got a lot of post-its
in the project files. We've been very
conscientious about scanning everything,
right? So we scan post-its and sometimes
if it's a post-it that obscures the
document, we'll do it twice so we'll have
an image of the document with the post-it
and then the page behind it, right? But
those sorts of things, we take those
seriously. Yeah? Have you started to
gather any evidence on how people, without
using both the paper files and the online
version, are they starting, I mean, do you
find them turning to search in one or the
other? Yeah, I think it's too early to say
that. We've been so focused on building
this collection that we're just beginning.
It's just now getting to the point where
it's substantial enough, And it's, I think
we're passing that threshold where we've
got enough documents in the collection and
it's going to be enough easier to find
things in the collection than on paper
that the search will really start. But
that's where we're focused at the moment
and I think it's too soon to say. We've
gotten reports of, you know, I found a
document using your system that I hadn't
been able to find. But the sense I have is
that it's still people probably go first
to look for the thing on paper and then if
they can't find it, they go to the system.
We really have to get the system much more
sort of on people's desktops so that, you
know, we've put a bookmark on Dave's
machine and we've made little cheat sheets
about how easy it is to do search. But
people aren't quite into it yet. yet they
still view the intern as the kind of, that
they'll go to him and he'll do an online
search for them. So we're, I think, very
much still in that process.
Right. Well, I think that's going to
depend on the document. In some cases, I
think they'll print it out. In some cases,
they'll want to go back and find the
original. Yeah. I saw images of drawings,
but I haven't read the CAD files. Right.
They actually handle their CAD files,
their actual plans separately from the
project files at this point. And so we
don't have, we have some printouts of
plans that, you know, have some historical
relationship to the current project. But
their actual working CAD files are treated
totally separately and are much more, at
this point, online. than the rest of these
documents. So not at this point. But
that's going to be important eventually to
do that. Yeah. You have been mentioning
that there is a growing need to keep care
of the coding. I mean, there is a kind of
of all this stuff. And when the project
gets larger, do you foresee the need to
have someone taking care care of the
Cesarus and then possibly undermining the
economic benefits of the system or the
benefits in terms of, is that the
engineers caring for the Cesarus will
overcome the fact that someone will have
to be professionally involved in keeping
the Cesarus? I do think that in order to
get the value from the system, there will
need to be some human resources invested
in, particularly in the ongoing
modification and maintenance of the
collection, the kinds of things where we
want to make a substantial enough change
to the classification scheme that
something's got to run over the collection
and bring it up to date. And I think that
is a new role that's really going to be
crucial, which I would see as a relatively
small investment that has the potential of
actually making the rest of the investment
pay off. But those are the kinds of, I
think, really hard issues, practical
issues around getting a system like this
really implemented in an organization. Do
you know if there was someone in the past
before the cuts in the budgets that would
do this work? So the technology is
bringing back a figure that was there.
Well in a way there is a, for example, one
of the engineers now keeps a copy of the
UFS, us actually uses an Excel spreadsheet
because interesting I'm not quite sure why
but I think because he likes all the
columns and rows and everything and he
actually goes in and edits edits that and
so what what that would mean now is you
get your new uniform filing system and
then you'd have to go back and and make
sure your binders were you know
synchronized with that so there is a kind
of version of it now but it involves a
very different set of skills And we're
talking about some programming skills here
that take you into whole other
departments. Then you get into the
information systems department and you're
into an entirely new sort of place in the
organization. So it's, yeah. Have you
found that formalizing
the work processes and work flows, the
roles of the people help you in figuring
out what kind of coding system would be
helpful? My immediate answer is no. I
guess I should think about it a little bit
more. I mean, it's so dynamic. They're
constantly negotiating their sort of
working division of labor within the
group. And I mean, there are frameworks
that come down centrally. There's a large
procedure manual for projects at Caltrans,
which is really a framework for, you know,
here here are the sort of basic components
of what you need to, what needs to shape a
project. And then, you know, the lead
engineers for the individual projects have
a huge amount of discretion in the way
that they organize their particular team,
and that's changing all the time with the
different phases of the project as they
see what's working and what's not working.
So I think it's such a moving target that,
you know, a lot of what I've been talking
about is trying to provide a kind of
toolkit kit or a suite of resources that
can be picked up and combined and
recombined very flexibly. And that's
essential because their own division of
labor and their roles in the organization
of the work is so dynamic. So in this kind
of situation I'm not much of a believer in
in, well, some of you know I'm not much of
a believer in workflow, but definitely for
this kind of worksite. I guess I was
thinking at the document level thinking
about flows and uses. That would help you.
And whether there is then some meta models
that would emerge. Well, I think the
problem is that I think what you could
come up with would be very schematic. It
would be useful, but it would be very
schematic. and the actual use would take
you off into very sort of circumstantially
organized cases that, I mean, at this
point we haven't felt any need. I mean,
obviously you could come along and
describe the organization of work that's
been set up in a model, but it's not clear
to me what value it would have at this
point.
I wanted to ask, what are some of the,
what you might call the innovation to come
in the scanner as a product? I was trying
to get your impression. It's one of the
more labor intensive parts in this
process. Are we expecting some new product
from Xerox to replace the scanner as we
know it today? Not that I can think of. I
mean scanners, I don't, you know, scanners
are great. I'm a great fan of scanners at
this point. I think the software that
controls the scanner is critical. And, I
mean, I will definitely put in a plug for
Pages. Pages Pro 2.0 is what we've been
using. It's a wonderful application
because it actually lets you see what
you're doing. And it lets you go in and
very, very easily, you get a row of
thumbnails. You can reorder them. You can
rotate things so that you can very, very
easily, manually, but very easily make
sure that the online document that you
scan actually looks the way that you want
it to look. Now, you can get, and
actually, Pages also has wonderful sort of
automatic de-skewing. And you can watch
that happen too. It's very entertaining.
You sit there and you see your little
document get scanned and come up, and then
you see pages align it, fix its alignment,
and you go, oh, that's great. So I think
it's a very, very nice piece of software
because, as I say, it makes everything
that's happening so visible. You can both
see the things that you need to see in
order to do the stuff manually that you
need to do, and you can watch it doing
what it's doing automatically. and you
know you need some entertainment while
you're doing this so it's helpful.
Any others? I think we've exhausted
ourselves. so how do
they maintain
the integrity of the binders so you don't
have everybody looking and saying oh I
need that and it doesn't bring to their
desk it may or may not get back into that
binder or it may not get back anywhere
it's a problem It's a problem. It's a
problem. It's a problem. And that's
actually a problem, you know, again, which
this would help address because you can
print out a copy of the document and it's
still there. All right, thanks a lot.
Yeah.